60 second pitch:  is a summary or brief of your business, product, and yourself in 60 seconds or less.

Angle: is a person who gives financial support to a commercial venture and receives a share of any profits from it,
but who does not expect to be involved in its management.

Assets: A business asset is an item of value owned by a company.

Assumptions: are ideas that we presume to be true before taking decisions.

Boot camp: program in which young offenders are forced to participate in a rigidly structured routine.

Brand: is a name given to a product and/or service such that it takes on an identity by itself.

breakeven: the point at which cost and income are equal and there is neither profit nor loss.

business idea: financial gain that is centered on a product or service that can be offered for money.

business model: company's plan for making a profit.

business model canvas: is a shared language for describing, visualizing, assessing and changing business models.

business plan: is a written document describing a company's core business activities and how it plans to achieve its goals.

Capital Expenditure: are funds used by a company to acquire, upgrade, and maintain physical assets such as technology.

Carbon footprint:all the greenhouse gas emissions emitted directly or indirectly through the activity carried out by said company.

CashFlow: the net amount of cash and cash equivalents being transferred in and out of a company. 

CashFlow forecast: is a way of estimating the flow of cash coming in and out of your business, 
across all areas, over a given period of time.

Company: is a legal entity formed by a group of individuals to engage in and operate a business.

Conversion: the process of changing or causing something to change from one form to another.

CrowdFunding: is a way of raising money to finance projects and businesses.

CrowdSourcing: obtaining work, information, or opinions from a large group of people who submit their data via the Internet, 
social media, and smartphone apps.







